Revamp of the Stash Origin document to match xcache-1.0 RPM. (#491)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/data/stashcache/install-origin.md

    * Resource name and hostname.
    * VO associated with this origin server (will be used to determine the origin's namespace prefix).
    * Administrative and security contact.

    Additionally, if this is the first origin for the VO, you will need to decide on what identities are
    allowed to access the VO's data, as well as which caches are allowed to cache the VO data.

Before Starting
---------------

Before starting the installation process, consider the following points:

> * __Operating system:__ A RHEL 7 or compatible operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __Operating system:__ A RHEL 7 or compatible operating system.
```

  only the `xrootd` user is utilized for the running daemons.
* __Host certificate:__ The StashCache server uses a host certificate to authenticate with the caches it serves.
  The [host certificate documentation](/security/host-certs.md) provides more information on setting up host
  certificates.
* __Network ports:__ The StashCache Origin service requires the following ports open:
    * Inbound TCP port 1094 for file access via the XRootD protocol
    * Outbound TCP port 1213 to `redirector.osgstorage.org` for connecting to the data federation
    * Outbound UDP port 9930 for reporting to `xrd-report.osgstorage.org` and `xrd-mon.osgstorage.org` for monitoring.
* __Hardware requirements:__ We recommend that a StashCache origin has at least 1Gbps connectivity and 8GB of
  RAM.  We suggest that several gigabytes of local disk space be available for log files, although some logging verbosity
  can be reduced.

As with all OSG software installations, there are some one-time steps to prepare in advance:

* Obtain root access to the host
* Prepare [the required Yum repositories](/common/yum.md)
* Install [CA certificates](/common/ca.md)

Installing the origin
---------------------

> The origin service consists of an XRootD daemons and its dependencies for the authentication infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The origin service consists of one or more XRootD daemons and their dependencies for the authentication infrastructure.
```

To simplify installation, OSG provides convenience RPMs that install all required
software with a single command:

```console
root@host # yum install --enablerepo=osg-development stash-origin
```

!!! note
    This document covers a completely overhauled stash origin service that depends on XRootD 4.9.0; while this
    has not yet been released into the OSG production repository, we strongly recommend using this version.

> For this installation guide, we assume that the data to be exported to the federation is mounted at `/stash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this installation guide, we assume that the data to be exported to the federation is mounted at `/mnt/stash`
```

and owned by the `xrootd:xrootd` user.

Configuring the Origin Server
-----------------------------

The `stash-origin` package provides a default configuration files in
`/etc/xrootd/xrootd-stash-origin.cfg` and `/etc/xrootd/config.d`.  Administrators may provide additional configuration
by placing files in `/etc/xrootd/config.d` of the form `/etc/xrootd/config.d/1*.cfg` (for directives that need to
be processed BEFORE the OSG configuration) or `/etc/xrootd/config.d/9*.cfg` (for directives that are processed
AFTER the OSG configuration).

All _mandatory_ configuration that the admin must make is in `/etc/xrootd/config.d/10-origin-site-local.cfg`; EVERY
directive there must be configured.

The three mandatory directives that must be customized are:

* `origindir`: the mounted filesystem path to export.  This document refers to this as `/stash`.
* `originexport`: the file within the `origindir` to export.  This MUST be in your supported VO's registered namespace.
* `sitename`: the resource name registered with OSG.

> For example, if the HCC VO would like to set up an origin server exporting from the mountpoint `/mnt/bigdata`,

Reviewer: If we say that we're going to refer to the mount point as `/stash` throughout the document, then we should do so -- i.e. let's replace `/mnt/bigdata` with `/stash` everywhere.

Author: Done!

> For example, if the HCC VO would like to set up an origin server exporting from the mountpoint `/mnt/stash`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the HCC VO would like to set up an origin server exporting from the mountpoint `/stash`,
```

Author: Yeah, that's what I did originally -- however, I'd like to keep `/mnt` to emphasize that this is on the local filesystem.  I don't think most admins would mount their actual filesystem inside `/`.

Reviewer: If you want to keep `/mnt`, then we need to change it everywhere else in the document and the default values for `cachedir` and `origindir` in the `*-site-local.cfg` files in xcache.

Reviewer: Not that I'm not willing to do that -- we haven't tagged xcache 1.0.1 and if you think /mnt/stash is a better value then we can use it, but it's nice to have documents consistent with the config... and uh they should be consistent with themselves, too :)

Author: Good point.  Let's change the default suggested `cachedir` and `origindir`.

(Is there somewhere else in this document I missed?)

Reviewer: Just at the top. I made a suggestion.

but HCC's registered namespace is `/hcc`, then the following would be set:

```

> set origindir = /mnt/stash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set origindir = /stash
```

set originexport = /hcc
set sitename = HCC_STASH_ORIGIN
```

> With this configuration, the data under `/mnt/stash/hcc/bio/datasets` would be available under the StashCache path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, the data under `/stash/hcc/bio/datasets` would be available under the StashCache path
```

> `/hcc/bio/datasets` and the data under `/mnt/stash/hcc/hep/generators` would be available under the StashCache path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/hcc/bio/datasets` and the data under `/stash/hcc/hep/generators` would be available under the StashCache path
```

| **Software** | **Service name** | **Notes** |

> |--------------|------------------|-----------|

Reviewer: We don't need fetch-crl anymore?

Author: Admins don't need to start it as systemd handles the dependency.

| XRootD | `xrootd@stash-origin.service` | The xrootd daemon, which performs the data transfers |
| XRootD | `xrootd@stash-origin-auth.service` | The xrootd daemon, which performs authenticated data transfers |

> | XRootD | `cmsd@stash-origin.service` | The "cluster management service" daemon, which integrates the origin into the data federation.  |

Reviewer: Do we need a `cmsd@stash-origin-auth.service` as well?

Author: Nope - the `cmsd` should export both.

(We might want to revisit this, however... this implies that the `xrootd@stash-origin` is running)

Reviewer: So something like
```
!!! note
    Make sure `xrootd@stash-origin.service` is running before starting `cmsd@stash-origin.service`
```

Reviewer: And tweaking the description for cmsd:  The "cluster management service" daemon, which integrates the xrootd daemon(s) into the data federation
